Billie Jean hi hi dancing I'm coming to
y'all with the quick celebration lunch
because I have put on my big girl boots
today and had my taxes done the first
time ever my ownself and so in
celebration of that I am going to be
showing you a little hearty dip which I
would normally be having for dinner
but now I'm gonna have it for lunch so
let me show you this for 59 cents at
Aldi look at that so I have a whole slew
of tomatoes so what I've got is a carrot
tomato dip look at this
the us a very beautiful this is one of
the easiest things you can do take your
carrots you can use baby carrots I had
organic regular bunny love carrots fill
your Vitamix half full just cut off the
ends you know the Heinie's break those
up and then I had one and a half of the
Roma tomatoes because they're not that
juicy they're more meeting I had one
half of a peeled very large lemon so
maybe a whole lemon that these limits
are bad ma'am and jammas look at these
things large and you can enjoy that that
they all have a personality of their own
you know what I mean
this one especially so anyway
half of one of those leave the pith on I
don't know why people when they won't
lemon juice and it's like a salsa or
soup or dip they're not using the pith I
don't understand because I love to have
that kind of texture okay and then I had
one cup of coconut milk I mean um
coconut water I'm sorry and then I had
two tablespoons of raw hold hemp seeds
you
also use raw sunflower seeds you could
use one tablespoon of a nut butter
that's raw you could use a little bit of
cashews if you eat that or frankly you
could use no fat if you're not wanting
to add any fat today or in the afternoon
okay so then what I'm gonna do is I have
a lots of scallions and I'm gonna
sprinkle that on and then I have some
extra little diced up tomatoes and I had
some red pepper flakes sprinkled on
there that's basically it look this is
very beautiful to serve people too and
yeah it's really creamy and the red
pepper flakes give it a little bite
which I enjoy see how thick this is that
tastes like celebration of being a big
girl y'all try it
lighter hi
you know what is a great snack if you're
out and about in your stress and oh how
will I get enough calories how do I get
carved up how will i howl it is not that
hard to bring along a snack friends you
know what is a great snack that a lot of
times people do not consider is the
apples and better than that the pears yo
these pears coming from Costco's let me
just show you something you have two of
these big suckers and you're not going
to be hungry
applause the elimination friends of the
pectin fiber and apples and pears
especially pears it will clean out your
whole gut truck which is a grand hobby
of mine because it creates a calm enter
terrain for my gut system so I can
breathe and I can you know clearly not
have a Baljeet ami wake up in the
morning in you what I want is to not
have any bloat you know what I mean I
like to eliminate the next day from the
the couple of meals before and
fruit and its whole form will help you
do that and greens people don't forget
the greens but the pears especially I've
noticed this which is why I'm talking to
you as I'm going to get Christopher and
I'm so glad he's it's time for him to
come home and he's been in his friends
house and they better have done the
right thing I'm gonna be doing a a sniff
test on him to see see if he smells like
anything suspicious other than their dog
anyway you hit a couple of those and
it's also going to give you energy from
the fruit but it's also going to balance
the fruit sugar you know what I mean
this is why it's in a perfect little
package on its own now let's just say
you decided to have pear juice instead
our apple juice and you even juiced it
well first of all you're gonna have to
juice about ten times that amount to get
a small sampling of juice that's gonna
fit not even fill you up really and
basically what happens is it's one of
jacks up the blood sugar and then it can
come plummeting down if you don't
incorporate some other things with that
like I don't know greens this is why I
like a smoothie instead really because
it balances because you still have the
fiber but you're able to blend in
agreeance it is the perfect existence of
fruit and greens all in one the green
smoothie but when you're on the go and
you can't do that you know I could
really if it's cool or it's mild
I could have several rappers a fruit
like that in the in the car it's not
that hard it is I think it's an excuse
that people like to say well I was out
and about and our it was peer pressure
or all that excuses not the right word
it's what we tell our city to take
ourself off the hook when ultimately we
could just suck it up and own up to the
fact that if we really want to do it or
not you know that's the bottom line of
it don't you think see